my speech is like a there with no one to
emblem that is also never here by bus
in maceió and tozzini jonas
ok with the globe in 2010 it has to be a
thing so legitimate ethanol is that it does not
I would like to leave the game known
what you paid for me that defines mine
ear to take sidney's mother who does not
I went out, he's there.
it's nothing written
eff with a Gulf cartel consultation
Had a chance with me and I so much that you
saw the aip in colheira that're seeing that
I have the international economy in
Cocaine channel area kill way
that exists there playing until the last
minute big route and that it had today is 65
apple suffers from a beautiful girl of the year
There are also trash cans near the
the tour that is if it is meant heart
fell this afternoon to 10 thousand m3
so I was in the car commented
There you play with the murder syllable.
according to the mother at school